COG related improvements (#13506)
OSGeo/gdal: doc/source/programs/gdal_dataset_identify.rst

    Any file name or directory name. Required. May be repeated

.. option:: -o, --output <OUTPUT>

    .. versionadded:: 3.13

>     Output filename. Not needed for JSON or text output where standard output

Reviewer: It will certainly become clearer as I proceed in the review but at this point I haven't yet fully understood how the output of this command will be stored in the output filename. Is it added to metadata?
Can you please clarify how the information is stored in the <OUTPUT>?
Also, you start with listing the exceptions to when the argument is mandatory, I would find it more natural to start saying that the argument is required and list the exceptions last (unless you believe that the majority of use cases will not make it mandatory).

    Recursively scan folders for datasets, forcing recursion in folders
    recognized as valid formats.

.. option:: --detailed

    .. versionadded:: 3.13

>     Most verbose output. Reports the presence of georeferencing, if a GeoTIFF file is cloud optimized, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Increases the level of details in the output. Reports the presence of georeferencing, if a GeoTIFF file is cloud optimized, etc.
```
